Studio Model Download section (#4939)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/model-registry/use-models.md

# Use models

Whether you need to download your models to use them, or you're looking to set
up some automation in CI/CD to deploy them, DVC Studio provides these
capabilities.

## Download models

If your model file is DVC-tracked, you can download any of its registered

> versions using the DVC Studio [REST API], DVC [Python API], use the
> `dvc artifacts get` command or directly download your model from DVC Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions with DVC Studio from the web interface or in your code.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we need to detail all the methods in the intro. Let's assume users come here wanting to use Studio to help them download. We can point below to DVC docs below for how to download with DVC,

Prerequisites:

> - The DVC Studio project you like to download your model from needs access to
>   your [remote storage credentials].
> - Access to your [DVC Studio Access token].
> 
> [remote storage credentials]:
>   /doc/studio/user-guide/experiments/configure-a-project#data-remotes--cloud-storage-credentials
> [DVC Studio Access token]:
>   /doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Model stored with DVC with S3 or Azure [remote].
- The DVC Studio project you like to download your model from needs access to
  your [remote storage credentials].
- Access to your [DVC Studio Access token].

Without these prerequisites, you can still [download a model artifact with  DVC], but
unlike using DVC Studio, the client where you download it will need DVC installed and
need access to both the Git repository and remote storage. 

[remote]: /doc/user-guide/data-management/remote-storage
[remote storage credentials]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/experiments/configure-a-project#data-remotes--cloud-storage-credentials
[DVC Studio Access token]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token
[download a model artifact with DVC]: /doc/command-reference/artifacts/get
```

Reviewer: I think it's better to describe this up front than get into it with individual download methods. Ultimately, you can download using Studio or directly with DVC, regardless of the interface you use.

> ### Using DVC Studio API

Reviewer: I think this repeats too much of what is said in other docs. I would prefer we basically copy and paste the tabs we have in the UI (we can even use tabs again here). WDYT?

Author: PTAL at https://github.com/iterative/dvc.org/pull/4939/commits/907d805aa486c4515fcd49aa29cb3f5d75a292b9

# Use models

Whether you need to download your models to use them, or you're looking to set
up some automation in CI/CD to deploy them, DVC Studio provides these
capabilities.

## Download models

If your model file is DVC-tracked, you can download any of its registered
versions with DVC Studio from the web interface or in your code.

Prerequisites:

> - Model stored with DVC with S3 or Azure [remote].

Reviewer: As you pointed out elsewhere @jellebouwman, I guess we should also include http here and in https://dvc.org/doc/studio/rest-api?

- The DVC Studio project you like to download your model from needs access to
  your [remote storage credentials].
- Access to your [DVC Studio Access token].

> Without these prerequisites, you can still [download a model artifact with DVC],

Reviewer: Now it looks like this paragraph and the first one under `Using DVC Studio API` are repetitive. Can we combine them? Can we also drop the `Using DVC Studio API` header? It doesn't seem needed now.

If your model file is DVC-tracked, you can download any of its registered
versions with the DVC Studio API from the web interface or in your code.

Prerequisites:

- Model stored with DVC with S3, Azure, http or https [remote].
- The DVC Studio project you like to download your model from needs access to
  your [remote storage credentials].
- Access to your [DVC Studio Access token].

Without these prerequisites, you can still [download a model artifact with DVC].
However, it can be easier to use the DVC Studio API since you only need to have
the Studio access token. You do not need direct access to your remote storage or
Git repository, and you do not need to install DVC.

[remote]: /doc/user-guide/data-management/remote-storage
[remote storage credentials]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/experiments/configure-a-project#data-remotes--cloud-storage-credentials
[DVC Studio Access token]:
  /doc/studio/user-guide/account-management#studio-access-token
[download a model artifact with DVC]: /doc/command-reference/artifacts/get

You can download the files that make up your model directly from DVC Studio.
Head to the model details page of the model you would like to download and click

> `Access Model`. Here, you find 4 different ways to download your model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Access Model`. Here, you find different ways to download your model.
```

<toggle>

<tab title="CLI (DVC)">

Use the [dvc artifacts get] command to download an artifact by name. Learn more
on the command reference page for `dvc artifacts get`.

[dvc artifacts get]: /doc/command-reference/artifacts/get

</tab>

<tab title="cURL / Python">

> Directly call the Studio [REST API] from your terminal using `cURL` or in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directly call the Studio [REST API](/doc/studio/rest-api) from your terminal using `cURL` or in your
```
